edit: secret variables management on enhanced workflow (#1216)
mia-platform/documentation: docs/development_suite/set-up-infrastructure/enhanced-project-workflow.md

With the first release of this new Workflow, existing Projects will require a migration operation to be performed. With this improvement we ought to provide further assistance in the migration process to make it as easy and smooth as possible.

## Missing features

> ### Secret Variables Management

Reviewer: This is not a missing _feature_

interpolating secrets creates vulnerable deployment by exposing secret values in plain text in deployment/configmap configurations.

The enhanced workflow is preventing you from doing such errors, I'd put it more in terms of: "if you are interpolating secrets fix the issue before migrating to the enhanced workflow

In order for the migration to succeed, though, there are some manual adjustments that need to be performed, which can be summarized with the following steps:

 - Secret Variables security enforcement
 - Git repository structure clean-up
 - Feature activation
 - Default revision setup and adjustment of a few Project Settings

### Secret Variables Security Enforcement

Despite secrets providers are supported in the **Enhanced Project Workflow** as these currently are in the Standard Workflow too, there are a few constraints to consider when migrating to this workflow whether you are planning to use a **[Push](/development_suite/deploy/pipeline-based/index.md)** or **[Pull](/development_suite/deploy/gitops-based/index.md)** *deploy strategy*.

When using `PUSH` mode (pipeline-based deploy) all secrets providers supported in the Standard Workflow are supported in this workflow too. You can define secrets and use them in your Projects as you always did.

> When using `PULL` mode (gitops-based deploy) only Secrets stored in Vault are supported yet. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using `PULL` mode (GitOps-based deploy), only Secrets stored in Vault are currently supported. 
```

> Altough Standard Workflow allows you to interpolate Secret Variables on your Project, we discourage its usage. This practice makes variables hidden in the Project git repository but these will be fully visible in plain text when inspecting containers on Kubernetes leading to serious security issues.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Altough Standard Workflow allows you to interpolate Secret Variables on your Project, we discourage this usage pattern. This practice opens severe security implications, exposing values that are supposed to be secret as plain text when inspecting containers on Kubernetes.  
```

> To avoid this bad practice to be used, Secret Variables interpolation is **not supported** on the Enhanced Project Workflow. Please ensure to fix any Secret Variable usage before migrating to the Enhanced Workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid this bad practice to be used, Secret Variables interpolation is **not supported** on the Enhanced Project Workflow. Please make sure to fix any Secret Variable usage before migrating to the Enhanced Workflow.
```
